22nd of October 2020, Amsterdam The Netherlands

# ICT-Governance-Framework-Application
The CBA Consult IT Management Framework is a project to optimize companies goverenance framework in a multi cloud environment. One of the reasons the framework and the procedures involved in creating, maintaining and updating the framework is leveraging the IT innovative solutions as in governance and maintaince framework updates and execution of blueprints, policies and ensure compliance to these requirements.

Introduction
The IT Governance framework has evolved drastically with the introduction of numerous cloud services. Some of which allow for a governance framework which is partly automated based on the business requirements and the exposed compliance requirements these services have on the business.

The reason for this project is to ensure your governance framework is updated, the infrastructure which it supports updated with the relevant adjustments in policy, compliance and blueprints. To ensure these updates are processed into Governance Framework Update notification automation to meet business requirements.

The comparison between your current secure score and a blueprint (currently in preview not to be sold) initiated secure score and any differences between the two was created in May 2019. This results in possible integration based on the blueprints and the allowed score in your business/company set requirements. A secure implementation of cloud services.

One of the great advantages when using the blueprints is the reduced risk set for the company of not automatically offering the extensive services made available upon launch. When new innovation is added to the Azure portal they will prior to being an active part of your goverance framework have to be activated and configured for your Tenant. The Blueprint will require to be adjusted to set the boundaries for regions of activation and the size of the services it will render in your tenant. Greater allignment to location based compliance regulations and future automate the comparisson between your goverrnance framework and the difference between the blueprint and active services in your tenant which produce a difference and a paragraph for approval in your governance framework documentation. The services are first reviewed and allow you to make strategic decisions on what you wish to do when integrating / adopting these services within your company. Exposing the services into your Tenant but due to the blueprint restrictiosn will not allow for an architect or engineer to activate withoiut the blueprint allowing these services to be created in the regions you define in the these policies. You will not automatically accept each change in possible solutions which extend far beyond what we currently know understand and see as possible.

To ensure these new services do not conflict with current ongoing production they will not automatically be added to the environment. They will first require adjustment to the governance framework and the blueprints which will control which services by which threshold and type of exposed risk.

Part of the applications and tools made available is a mobile application. Please find the mobile application under ICT Governance Framework Application - Projects: CBA Consult Compliance and Security - End User Mobile Assessment Tools - https://xd.adobe.com/view/0ca1c123-cf98-43de-8aab-a71dad328273-59f2 
This includes the Apps from the compliance App Catalog to include the end user with a clear overview applications and webapplications used together with the current known compliance score.

Both the amount of new services and the amount of blueprint new combinations to make are a constant stream of both version controls. Versions for the applications and versioning for the guiding blueprints governanceframework and the diffrences between them. The latest compliance score was by selecting several high priority iso standards, policies and sox or soc measures to mitigate risks they showed an exponential amount of growth. Fit gap analyses between each governing framework. The fit gap between two iso standards as well as the overlap from a sox policy as and soc policy could overlap. As well as the privacy shield in as the US Privacy Shield could overlap in main areas with the European GDPR policy a fit gap analyses between both policies should highlight the overlap between the standards in governance.

With the integration of contract management into the Azure portal the following article provide a possible better solution to the above named github repo. https://pwc.to/3LBQCzp
